---
subcategory: "No Category"
layout: "fmgdevice"
page_title: "FortiManager Device: fmgdevice_ips_custom"
description: |-
  <i>This object will be purged after policy copy and install.</i> Configure IPS custom signature.
---

# fmgdevice_ips_custom
<i>This object will be purged after policy copy and install.</i> Configure IPS custom signature.

## Argument Reference


The following arguments are supported:

* `device_name` - FortiManager managed device name. This variable is used in the request URL. If not specified, it will inherit the variable `device_name` of the provider.
* `device_vdom` - FortiManager managed device vdom. This variable is used in the request URL. If not specified, it will inherit the variable `device_vdom` of the provider.

* `action` - Default action (pass or block) for this signature. Valid values: `block`, `pass`.

* `application` - Applications to be protected. Blank for all applications.
* `comment` - Comment.
* `location` - Protect client or server traffic.
* `log` - Enable/disable logging. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.

* `log_packet` - Enable/disable packet logging. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.

* `os` - Operating system(s) that the signature protects. Blank for all operating systems.
* `protocol` - Protocol(s) that the signature scans. Blank for all protocols.
* `rule_id` - Rule-Id.
* `severity` - Relative severity of the signature, from info to critical. Log messages generated by the signature include the severity.
* `sig_name` - Sig-Name.
* `signature` - Custom signature enclosed in single quotes.
* `status` - Enable/disable this signature. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.

* `tag` - Signature tag.


## Attribute Reference

In addition to all the above arguments, the following attributes are exported:
* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format {{tag}}.

## Import

Ips Custom can be imported using any of these accepted formats:
```
Set import_options = ["device_name=YOUR_VALUE", "device_vdom=YOUR_VALUE"] in the provider section.

$ export "FORTIMANAGER_IMPORT_TABLE"="true"
$ terraform import fmgdevice_ips_custom.labelname {{tag}}
$ unset "FORTIMANAGER_IMPORT_TABLE"
```

